tell me how do you expect this to end he
fell right into my hands don't be naive
brought it I know this man trust me he
knew exactly what he was doing is he
ready for the procedure Tech says he's
ready to go kai you sure this is what
you want Alexis we should just put a
bullet in his head hell I'd be happy to
do it for free your pal and I have some
unfinished business your lack of vision
is your greatest weakness Roddick you
should know better than anyone that I
get exactly what I want besides my dear
Roddick I don't want blade dead I have
much bigger plans for him take care of
him I'll be back when it's taken effect
and then know what she sees in you
played it'll be honest I don't really
give a shit you see one day you and I
finish things but then how did you get
in here
right now
I'm just gonna wait around don't worry
you're gonna be fine we just need to my
god what did they inject you with we've
got to get you out of here
we got to go now
we've got to keep moving
ronix getting away
you're awake whoa take it easy there med
should be kicking in soon I'll takes
good news is the operation was worth it
got a tracker on Roddick
notably shining up with
gotta find him
Oh blade you think I'm such a naughty
naughty girl hmm such a microcosmic me
I'm a visionary blade I will change the
world
we have to keep it together blade
going to be questions up in advance
dispatch this 2.67 we have it real
hardcore VIPs please advise Roger that
they really love your jurisdiction
where's your documentation what do you
mean documentation screaming cowboy
we're on assignment destination I don't
think that's a little business this is a
cinch a control center everything is our
business now what is your destination
South corner of fucked and you